[Merged by Bors] - Switch default slasher backend to LMDB (#4360)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/slasher.md

* Default: `lmdb` for new installs, `mdbx` if an MDBX database already exists

It is possible to use one of several database backends with the slasher:

- LMDB (default)
- MDBX

The advantage of MDBX is that it performs compaction, resulting in less disk usage over time. The
disadvantage is that upstream MDBX is unstable, so Lighthouse is pinned to a specific version.
If bugs are found in our pinned version of MDBX it may be deprecated in future.

LMDB does not have compaction but is more stable upstream than MDBX. If running with the LMDB
backend on Windows it is recommended to allow extra space due to this issue:
[sigp/lighthouse#2342](https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse/issues/2342).

More backends may be added in future.

#### Backend Override

The default backend was changed from MDBX to LMDB in Lighthouse v4.3.0.

If an MDBX database is already found on disk, then Lighthouse will try to use it. This will result
in a log at start-up:

```
INFO Slasher backend overriden    reason: database exists, configured_backend: lmdb, overriden_backend: mdbx
```

If the running Lighthouse binary doesn't have the MDBX backend enabled but an existing database is

> found, then a warning will be logged and Lighthouse will continue using the LMDB backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
found, then a warning will be logged and Lighthouse will use the LMDB backend and create a new database:
```

Just a suggestion to clarify that a new DB will be created.
